Peripherals: added SmartAP PDB page (#2162)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/power_module/sky-drones_smartap-pdb.md

# Sky-Drones SmartAP PDB

[SmartAP PDB](https://sky-drones.com/power/smartap-pdb.html) (Power Distribution Board) is used to simplify the distribution of power from one or more batteries to ESCs (motors), flight controller, and other peripherals.
It also acts as a [power module](../power_module/README.md), enabling battery voltage and current measurements.

> SmartAP PDB makes connecting high-power lines easier and much more reliable.

Reviewer: I reworte this a bit. Please confirm you are OK with it.

Author: Yes, this looks good to me, thanks!

![SmartAP PDB](../../assets/hardware/power_module/sky-drones_smartap-pdb/smartap-pdb-top-side.jpg)

## Specifications

- Size: 65x65 mm, 4x M3 mounting holes
- Input voltage up to 60 Volts (14S)
- Capability to handle extremenly high currents (peak current up to 400A)

> - Power input from the main battery, possibility to connect up to 2 independent batteries

Reviewer: How? You only have the two big pads. Or do you mean you can use top side and bottom side pads for two batteries, and these end up being in parallel?

Author: Yes, the idea is that power cables can be soldered to both top and bottom pads allowing to connect two batteries in parallel. We have customers who use even four batteries in parallel by connecting two to the top pads and two to the bottom pads.

- 12 pairs of pads (6 on top, 6 on bottom) for powering up to 12 motors
- Integrated voltage and current sensors with L/C filters
- Precise Hall Effect based current measurements
- Integrated DC-DC converter from 10-60 V input (up to 14S battery) to 5V / 5A output to power peripherals
- Integrated DC-DC converter from 10-60 V input (up to 14S battery) to 12V / 5A output to power peripherals
- 5V and 12V power output terminals (standard 2.54mm/0.1" connectors)
- Integrated electromagnetic sounder (buzzer)
- Power output for the flight controller (both 5V regulated and battery voltage level output)

## Size and Weight

- Length: 65mm
- Width: 65mm
- Height: 14mm
- Weight: 16g

## PX4 Configuration

> [Battery and Power Module Setup](../config/battery.md) describes how to configure the battery setting for a power module.

Reviewer: This link is the key for me - without this, the configuration settings are not helpful to a beginner.

The settings I see on the linked screen are there: 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5368500/204720199-757a01cb-d7d5-41d2-a864-79854ad9faf3.png)

Can we update the values below to have matching text? E.g. "Amps per volt" - unless you have noted that QGC has changed and the documentation in this image is wrong (in which case job for me to update!)

Author: Thanks! Updated to match the text. I think let's leave it as per the image above for now and once it's updated on the dedicated battery settings page I'll update it here too.

The key configuration settings are:

- Voltage scaler: 15.51
- Current scaler: 36.00
- Current offset: 0.41

## Where to buy

[SmartAP PDB](https://sky-drones.com/parts/smartap-pdb.html)

## Wiring / Pinout

SmartAP Power Distribution Board pinout diagram is shown below.

![SmartAP PDB](../../assets/hardware/power_module/sky-drones_smartap-pdb/smartap-pdb-pinout.png)

The two big pads are intended for the main battery connection.

> Up to two independent batteries can be connected using the thick wires (e.g. 8-10 AWG) to be able to handle high current loads and even more using thinner wires.

Reviewer: "and even more using thinner wires." I read that as "if you use thinner wires you can carry more current", which seems absurd. What am I missing?

Author: Yep, I agree it's confusing.. It was supposed to mean that more batteries can be connected in parallel to pads if thinner cables are used. It's rewritten to have more sense now.

> Up to 12 ESCs can be connected: there are pads on top, bottom, left and right sides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Up to 12 ESCs can be connected using the 6 smaller pads on top, bottom, left and right sides.
```

> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
